Welcome to exercise number three where we're gonna
create your new and improved income statement.
So please open up your Complete Personal Finance dashboard
excel spreadsheet and go to exercise number three.
Which is on the tab called Exercise 2 and 3
Income Statements, that's the name of the tab.
So in this exercise we're actually gonna scroll to the right
and complete money out, you see here.
Money out means expenses.
Expenses portion of the new and improved income statement.
Based on savings that we can now benefit from
as a result of watching the videos on how to save
for each section.
Which you might have already watched in the course.
Now, if you haven't watched the savings videos,
or you wanna refresher on how to save for each
expense category here as you complete this,
this exercise then click on the appropriate
video buttons shown here.
And it'll take you to YouTube to watch it there okay.
Or you can go back in the course
and watch it in the course, they're the same thing.
Okay, and the income tax savings button might be tough
for you to implement okay, right away.
So if you want, skip the income tax section here okay.
And click on the buttons that apply for you to watch
videos online on how to save for each category.
Again if you haven't watched those videos.
And if they're applicable.
Right, if you don't have pets,
or don't have pets or kids then don't watch those sections.
Okay, and again not all of them apply to you.
Take your time with this and really enjoy this exercise
please and this is meant as a guideline for you, you know,
so you can spend less and save more in the long run.
And when you finish completing your new and improved
income statement I want you to look at the
amazing results at the very bottom of exercise three.
Okay, scroll to the bottom you'll see there okay.
Then in the next lesson, what we're gonna do,
is we're gonna analyze these cool charts
in the dat, based on the data that you entered.